fixes gh-1182 add new doc about solving problems via triggers (#1198)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_ctl.rst

The ``box.ctl`` submodule also contains two functions for the two
:ref:`server trigger <triggers>` definitions: ``on_shutdown`` and ``on_schema_init``.

> Please, learn the mechanism of trigger functions before using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, familiarize yourself with the mechanism of trigger functions before using them.
```

    configuration and recovery begins, and therefore ``box.ctl.on_schema_init``
    must be called before ``box.cfg`` is called.

    :param function     trigger-function: function which will become the
                                           trigger function
    :param function old-trigger-function: existing trigger function which
                                          will be replaced by
                                          trigger-function
    :return: nil or function pointer

    If the parameters are (nil, old-trigger-function), then the old
    trigger is deleted.

    A common use is: make a ``schema_init`` trigger function which creates
    a ``before_replace`` trigger function on a system space. Thus, since
    system spaces are created when the server starts, the ``before_replace``
    triggers will be activated for each tuple in each system space.
    For example, such a trigger could change the storage engine of a
    given space, or make a given space replica-local while a replica
    is being bootstrapped. Making such a change after ``box.cfg`` is
    not reliable because other connections might use the database before

>     the change can be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the change is made.
```
